DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Fight or Flight!
You know what's really cool is when you use the ability cards
to block a move!
Sure but what I'm really stoked about is using
the ability cards in a combination attack!
Good idea!
Mui! Come here!
We'll show you a couple new Bakugan Battle tricks!
Yeah check it out! They're really cool!
Sorry...
I wasn't listening guys... It wasn't important, was it?
It's okay
we know you're thinking about your little brother again...
Say something!
Uh yeah!
You're out here everyday waiting for him to show up!
Hmm. I know...
See ya later...
Hurry...I'll be waiting for you...here.
MASQUERADE: Waiting won't bring you anything...
You have to make things happen!
I can grant you any wish...
With these...
...All you have to do is use them...
[panting]
Hey! Alice!
Alice you must be beat after that long flight?
Not really...
I slept on the plane all the way from Moscow
so it didn't feel like it took that long!
Had you made prior arrangements with me
I could have got you a seat on our private plane...
I believe that your journey would have taken half as long.
So you're Alice huh?
Wow you sure are pretty!
Why thanks...So are you Preyas!
My lady you are indeed a sight to behold....
Aw come on, give the poor girl a break you guys!
Oh that's right...
I brought both of you something from back home.
For us? You shouldn't have!
Oh yes she should have!
I love presents!
Huh? What's that?
Here's some fresh battle simulations...
They're set up to match your attributes...
You like them?
You can use them the next time you do battle!
Yeah...Great.
Lucky!
You see Alice is the brains of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
She knows more about the game than any one of us!
She doesn't battle but if you ever want to know anything
about the game she's the one to go to for the info!
You don't say...?
Uh....Hey?
...Is Dan around?
[giggling]
Aw this bites!
Where did they go?
How could they get lost in an airport?
DRAGO: You should know all about that Dan.
Haven't you noticed we've been walking in circles?
DAN: Hey I just went to the restroom
and forgot which direction we were walking in!
That sounds like \"lost\" to me.
DAN: Uh technically yes but... Ah forget it!
We all came here together
but I guess Dan must have wandered off somewhere.
Dan will never change will he?
Hey Alice if you don't mind me asking,
what made you decide to pay us a visit here so suddenly?
Are you here on important business?
No Marucho I just felt like seeing all of you in person.
Runo thanks for letting me stay with you!
No problem-o!
You know you're welcome at my house any time Alice...
My Mom and Dad were totally stoked
to hear you were coming for a visit...
My Mom even made a big vat of tuna surprise just for you!
Yeah you're lucky Alice.
That's the one thing Runo's Mom knows how to make.
You'll be eating tuna for breakfast,
lunch and dinner and even dessert too if you're lucky!
I don't eat it myself so I'm sure they're be lots left over
to take home with you...
I guess I'll have to eat pizza again!
Total bummer!
Don't feel sorry for yourself.
You're lucky!
Yeah I know...Hey!
You want a couple of slices?
DRAGO: For the sake of your world and mine.
We must find the human who corrupted Naga's mind...
I remember his name...
His name is Michael...
It's Michael.
JULIE: These visions I keep having... What do they mean?
And what does Grandfather Michael have to do with it all?
...Is he somehow connected to Masquerade
and the potential destruction of Vestroia,
the home world of the Balugans?
...It doesn't make any sense...
I could tell my friends about this
but what would they think of me?
Funny.
Hey you!
You're Dan Kuso's buddies, right?
That's right who are you?
RUNO: They were sent by Masquerade?
This is the place!
DRAGO: ...But where are your friends?
I am lost!
MARUCHO: Runo do you really think we can beat these two?
Maybe we should go find Dan before we start to battle.
No-way!
We don't need Dan here!
Look!
I know we can take these two...
Besides we've got Alice to help us!
But uh...?
RUNO: There's two of us!
And two of them...
So we're good to go!
Let's get it on!
Takashi, did you hear that?
Yeah, this oughta be fun.
Finally we've found some decent competition.
Hey guys... You sure about this?
You don't want us to battle?
Mui if we beat them...
You get to see your brother!
MARUCHO: That girl must be
planning their strategy for them...
Hey quit yappin'! And let's brawl!
Field Open!
Doom Card Set!
Gate Card Set!
I wonder what attack we should use first?
Let's try this one!
Bakugan brawl!
Robotallian stand!
Yeah! Go get 'em!
An Aquos Robotallian?
I'll try this..!
Bakugan brawl!
Darkus Robotallian stand!
A Robotallian!
PREYAS: Oh no!
You know what that means...
BAKU-POD: Calculating Darkus Robotallian power levels...
620 Gs
And now...The Ability Card...
This will give my Robotallian the abilities of Darkus
and Aquos!
BAKU-POD: Bonus power level of 200 Gs added.
Darkus Robotallian's power level just spiked majorly!
The combination of \"Darkus and Haos\"
is a powerful force indeed.
Wha? ...Oh no! My Robotallian!
Poor Bakugan.
You're gonna pay for this!
Bakugan brawl!
Saurus stand!
I know this will shut them down!
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Pyrus Serpenoid stand!
BAKU-POD: Calculating power levels...
He's going with a Pyrus Serpenoid...
And his power level is at 320!
Yeah! Well I know what to do!
Wait!
Don't be so eager to rush into battle...
Look what you're up against.
Whatta ya mean?
They've activated a diagonal relationship
between Pyrus and Darkus.
Don't just focus on their ability cards,
be more careful with the gate cards they use as well...
Let's brawl!
Understand?
Brains as well as beauty!
Now that's some good advice Alice!
Yes impressive...
And you should be working together as a team...
Believe me you'll get ahead faster if you do!
It'll work, trust me.
Do you think they're taking a time out?
Maybe?
Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Terrorclaw stand!
Terrorclaw...
This oughtta take care of him!
Bakugan brawl!
Fear Ripper stand!
Yeah! Gate card open!
BAKU-POD: Calculating power levels!
Ability activate!
Diagonal relationship between \"Pyrus and Darkus!\"
Fear Ripper power level... 450 Gs!
Saurus!
Yeah!
Hey! Gate card set!
Bakugan brawl!
Griffin stand!
Come on!
Let's see what you got!
She still wants to play...Newsflash!
Just because you're on top of your own card
doesn't give you the advantage!
Watch this!
Bakugan brawl!
BAKU-POD: Bakugan power levels stable....
Ability Card Activate!
Rapid fire!
What kind of move is that?
He just cut in on his partner's battle!
BAKU-POD: G level increase... Garganoid!
He-ha!
That ability card lets your team mate join the fight...
Now we're twice as strong.
A combination play!
That's impossible!
This calls for drastic action!
What the...?
Gate card open!
Trade off!
Oh no!
He beat our Bakugans?
Ahem!
How'd you like that?!
\"Trade Off\" is a command card,
which can overthrow any Bakugan with a power level
above 400 Gs!
TIGRERRA: Well done Marucho...
PREYAS: That's using your brain!
So, are you boys paying attention?
[grunting]
Incoming!
Bakugan brawl!
Terrorclaw stand!
Terrorclaw again... Then I'll use this...
No way!
MARUCHO: Water refrain!
Huh? ...What's happening?
You're out of luck!
You can't activate your ability card right now
because I've sealed it!
Nice move!
But there's no way you can win this battle!
That's right..
We're gonna win this so Mui can see her brother!
Kosuke...Takashi...
Bakugan brawl!
Robotallian stand!
You're using that one again?
What's going on?
I thought they were on the same team?
It can't be?
This is totally whacked.
...Who's fighting who here?
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be right back.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers are back...Battle on!
Gate card open! Now!
Why are they battling each other?
I don't like this!
They're trying a battle sham!
What's that?
MARUCHO: No... Our Terrorclaw!
Kosuke that's what I call a comeback...
A choice \"Stray Shot\" like that lets the winner
send other Bakugan to the Doom dimension.
It's the ultimate fake out
and my Bakugan gets to stay in the battle!
So that's why it's called a battle sham!
I see...
It's a bit of a reckless strategy if you ask me.
So what!
We're gonna do what ever it takes to win!
We're doing this for Mui and Makoto!
Mui and who?
...Makuto?
Makoto is Mui's brother...
Their parents have separated
and we don't know where he lives now
but we've found a way to bring them together.
Makoto loves Bakugan and when we win this battle
it'll raise our ranking and wherever Makoto is,
he's sure to notice us.
And to make Mui happy again
we made a deal with Masquerade.
MASQUERADE: Waiting won't bring you anything...
You have to make things happen!
I can grant you any wish... with these cards...
All you have to do is use them...
That's so sad... Poor girl...
Maybe my Grandfather Michael can help her....
So we'll do anything to win!
Yeah!
Anything for our friend Mui!
Oh boo-hoo!
You're breakin' my heart!
Let's battle!
Send me in my lady... I'm ready...
Okay Tigrerra!
Do your stuff!
Bakugan brawl!
Tigrerra stand!
If you want a battle you shall get one!
Great!
I'm gonna step it up a notch
'cause I was born to play this game!
Battle!
BAKU-POD: Griffin's power level is 290 Gs...
Falconeer at 340 Gs.
You don't have a chance!
Oh yeah!
We'll see about that!
Gate card open now!
It's a quartet battle!
Oh goodie!
Finally I get my turn!
BAKU-POD: Calculating power levels....
The power levels haven't changed...
We're still ahead!
Yeah! Not for long!
Ability Card Activate!
Cut and Saber!
Been waiting for you Tig!
The wait is over!
We gotcha!
I don't believe it!
No way! Let's go!
No! Please stop!
Please... stop this!
[crying]
Please stop...
Makoto means a lot to me but not like this...
Not at the price of all these Bakugans...
Mui?
What's wrong...Mui?
Makoto loves Bakugan.
And he thinks the world of you two
because you have so much respect for the game...
I don't know what happened but today you're playing seems
cruel and mean.
[laughter]
Something's wrong...
This game, used to be so much fun.
Yes she's right...
Darn!
Doom card return!
We're calling it quits huh?
It appears they're giving up.
Takashi...Kosuke...
We got a carried away.
We tried to make you smile but instead we made you cry.
We'll get you and Makoto together somehow.
Yeah!
RUNO: Is this soap opera over yet?
We still have a battle to win over here!
We can't let you quit on us!
That would be way too easy!
Let's go!
Yes! If you're up for it!
We'll start again and have a real Bakugan battle.
Yeah!
[laughter]
Bakugan brawl!
After all that we lost anyway.
Oh well...
Hey we're sorry if we caused you any trouble
but I guess we really wanted to win and we thought Masquerade
could help us!
Ah don't sweat it, things get said in the heat of battle!
MARUCHO: And may I say your Bakugan skills are quite good.
They're almost as good mine.
Mui!
I'm sorry for upsetting you earlier and I hope you meet up
with Makoto soon.
Me too... I'm sorry!
Aw thanks...
I know you two meant well and I really appreciate it.
Kosuke and Takashi.. You're the best.
My goodness...
Don't forget about me!
[laughter]
PREYAS: What? Is it my breath?
....Come on, just one on the cheek!
Makoto..Take care...
I'll see you soon little brother.
[laughter]
You know I once heard about a guy that got lost in an airport
for a whole year.
I hope that doesn't happen to us.
DRAGO: Well if it does, it'll be your fault.
Hey don't blame me!
Wow! That's cool!
I heard your Bakugan talking to you!
You're lucky!
Do you like playing Bakugan?
My sister's friends Takashi and Kosuke
taught me how to play the game!
You should see them play.
I bet they're two of the best Bakugan players
in the whole world.
Yeah...
Well if they're that good
I wouldn't mind battling them sometime.
Oh!
I forgot...I have to go meet up with my sister right now.
Your sister?
My sister's name is Mui
and she lives here in this city...
I asked my Dad if I could come visit and that's why I'm here.
Gotcha...
Well say \"hi\" to your sister for me..
And tell Takashi and Kosuke to keep on battling!
Sure!
Goodbye!
RUNO: Ah-ha! There you are!
Oh hi...
You mean you were battling the whole time!
What? You couldn't wait for me?
Thanks for nothing guys!
Don't blame us!
It's your fault for getting lost.
Don't fight you two...
So...Sounds like you did all right without me...
Or did you have some help?
Was it Alice?
Oh no...
Maybe now I should tell everyone
about my Grandfather Michael
and the strange dreams I've been having...
Guys there's something I want to talk to you about...
So Runo what was that you were saying about Masquerade?
He was messing with Mui's emotions
just so he could take our Bakugans!
That dude has no class and he'll do anything
to get his own way!
Uh wait Dan...
He's joined forces with that guy Michael...
They're planning to wipe out Drago's home world Vestroia
but we won't let that happen!
What's wrong?
Uh?
Oh...It's nothing Runo.
MARUCHO: I'm famished!
Let's go to Runo's house for tuna surprise!
Who's in?
Coming up on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
Dan has Drago... Runo's got Tigrerra
and Marucho's got Preyas!
But look out, a new Bakugan has arrived!
And even though Julie thinks all Bakugan are cute and cuddly
she's about to find out that they can have a real dark side.
When a boy named Billy shows up and challenges her,
he brings with him a Bakugan with a real bite!
So get your rest 'cause you're gonna need it,
because you never know when or where a Bakugan brawl
will break out.
And make sure you don't miss the next exciting episode
of the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!